blue and white
Meditate on my brother
Do you know where my brother is?
What is Twilight doing here?
Go see him
Why do you look down on me?
My brother's sweetheart is me
Future Doctor
Democracy is also mine
Yo Yo Yo still claims to be the mistress of the doctor
Who doesn't know that this crazy woman is pretending to be a young grandmother?
Discovered by Bo Shao
Now, it has also implicated the whole of Shenyang
You are talking nonsense. The person my brother loves the most in his twilight years is me.
Go away stinky beggar
The pheasant is the pheasant
Don't even think about it for the rest of your life
It's all your fault
If it weren't for you seducing your elderly brother
Why is he in this family?
Shen Anan, are you crazy?
Sister, I know I shouldn't have come back
You were chased away by your parents
But they
After all, they are also parents who have raised them for 18 years.
Yes, yes, it's the blood of my parents
You can't just ruin it